# Audio-Project
First, I would just like to say that I am already struggling with the Github desktop app. It won't let me commit to anything so I had to do it online. 
Secondly, I have been spending today, mostly on again/off again, attempting to record myself on Audacity, but it is not picking up my voice. I looked up several tutorials, thinking the microphone on the app wasn't working, but after trying everything, it still wasn't working on my headphones or just by me speaking into my computer. I tried fixing the microphone within my computer, but that is not working either. I then tried using a different recording app on my computer and it still wasn't working. I really hope that it is not something with my actual computer.
So, I'm sorry that I do not have a file prepared for this class. In hindsight, I should've started earlier, but really it shouldn't have taken me too long if I was going to start today until I hit this road bump within five seconds. I hope this concern can be address in class. 

I have started working on my audio project, and so far have found it easier than GIMP. I did run into some issues with my headphones, but I think the tools are easier to navigate, and while there are layers they have more flexibility when it comes to moving them or adjusting. I have chosen a poem that I had to write for an astronomy class I was in. It is about the moon Titan that orbits Saturn, and I originally based it off Sylvia Plath's poem, Lady Lazurus. I was able to find a reading of hers, which I added in the beginning, and I also chose a clip of Neil DeGreasse Tyson talking about space that I also am adding into the intro. I cut down both of those clips and I ampliphied my own speaking portion. For now, I have an alternative techno music playing in the background as well. I am unsure how to change the tone of this piece because if I were to add in something lighthearted the meaning would slip away. 
